# Jared-phi-nmsu-web-project
## Project 2
My webpage theme is Minecraft logic gates.
This is my first website ever, and it was a challenge to not use CSS. The goal of this website is to demonstrate all the logic gates represented in Minecraft. I have used a lot of images all of which are in the open domain or I screen shot my self. I enjoyed the challenge and it made me appreciate old website design.
## Project 3
My goal for project 3 was to remake project 2 with out using HTML style but by using css. To do so we can separate the project into base HTML elements. We can target these elements in CSS to then apply their style settings. For my project I have a main page and seven sub pages, I designed the CSS document to target the sub pages and some elements on the main page. I then assigned classes to some specific elements and adjusted as needed. I was almost able to copy and paste some HTML style sections into their corresponding css sections. During project 2, I found keeping my pages uniform really tedious and time consuming. Using css allowed me to make rapid adjustments saving a lot of time, instead of finding a change then implementing it 7 times over 7 files. I find something to change or improve and I can apply it instantly over my entire base. Further, I added some hover animations to the li element, I remade the outdated marquee element with a div container and css animations. Doing so I was able to get the animation to pause on hover as well as display a translation. I added style to all tables. 
## Project 4
For project 4, Ive reused all of project3, I will build new functionality to the main project page. Id like to incorporate different types of modes ( dark mode, light mode ), this will change the background picture, the text color, the background color. My father has always used inverse mode when reading so I added that functionality, It stacks with the mode switcher to make several options for viewing the webpage. I added modes for the different regions of the game. I am having some performance issues on firefox, but on chrome the webpage runs fine. As I am working on this i realize that Ive overwritten the project 3 css file. Ill rename this styles4.css and ill use git to find styles.css again. Ive added a Feedback section, with a basic text area, we can take in user input and do what we want. Currently we check if the text area is empty, if not empty we accept the input into the inputValue var and print it to console. I have also added meta fields on all  all project4 files to better represent their webpages. I wish I adjusted the file structure to make projects separate, but I dont want go through the hassle of updating all my href fields, this should have been done from project 2. I could not for the life of me figure out how to persist modes through to child pages. So ive added mode buttons to all pages.